[Music]
so you're a riddle of our aren't you
well me too
to quench your thirst for brain racking
here's the list of my favorite puzzles
and mysteries for you to solve and joy
there are five girls in the room Ashley
is drawing olivia is reading Maria is
playing hide and seek and Emma is
tidying up
what's Sara doing Sara is playing hide
and seek with Maria of course two boys
are standing at the seashore one is
looking south and the other is looking
north and still they can see each other
how so
[Music]
well they're facing each other you see a
bathtub filled with water you have a
spoon a cup and a bucket what will you
choose to empty the bathtub obviously
choose to pull out the plug if it's
raining at midnight can you expect that
in 72 hours it'll be sunny nope in 72
hours it's gonna be night again they
give me a job to do every morning but
when I do it they still tell me off Who
am I I'm an alarm clock and yes it's a
thankless job what do you call the fear
of Santa Claus claustrophobia in what
case will three boys one adult man four
girls and a cat remain dry under just
one umbrella
they'll all be dry if it doesn't rain
what occurs twice in every moment but
only once in a million years yet not
ever in a billion it's the letter M
which is correct fish have no teeth or
fish has no teeth in fact neither is
true because fish have teeth when you
combine these two words they hold the
most letters which words are they
[Music]
post office and what starts with E and
ends with E but contains only one letter
and envelope yep
another riddle brought to you by the
Postal Service why do people drink water
because they can't chew it how can you
make one disappear you can just add the
letter G at the beginning and one is God
what can't you use until you break it
[Music]
an egg where will you land if you jump
off a three-story building well most
likely in a hospital what circus
performers see in the dark
acrobats you work hard to get it but as
soon as you get it you give it away what
is it
money yeah and it goes way too fast
what fruit has its seeds on the outside
strawberry a bird had eight eggs but a
dinosaur ate one of its eggs how many
eggs does the bird have now still eight
eggs dinosaurs went extinct long ago so
they can't eat eggs can you start a fire
by using only three pieces of wood yes
but make sure that one of these pieces
is a match stick what building has the
most stories it's a library into what
glass should you never for apple juice
[Music]
into a full glass which element isn't on
the periodic table here's a hint they
use it all the time in movies it's the
element of surprise ice melts when you
heat it up but if you heat me I solidify
wit em on
I'm an egg Emily gave birth to a girl
and she was very happy but when a nurse
brought Emily her baby the next day the
young woman immediately understood that
it wasn't her daughter how did she know
because the baby was a boy when you see
everything you don't see it but when you
see nothing you see it what is it
[Music]
it is darkness you see a full-sized
apple in a glass bottle with a thin neck
the fruit is intact and the bottle is
also undamaged then how was the fruit
place there the apple grew inside the
bottom which was put on the tree branch
even before the fruit was formed you
throw me when you need me and pick me up
when you don't need me can you figure
out what I am right you are I'm an
anchor a professional skydiver jumped
out of an airplane but she'd forgotten
to put on her parachute and still she
survived how is it possible
[Music]
the plane wasn't in the air yet she was
just preparing for a flight how can you
increase 66 by 1.5 if you aren't allowed
to make any mathematical operations just
turn 66 upside down a deaf man came to a
flower store to buy some flowers for his
beloved wife's birthday
how can he explain to the shop assistant
what he needs he can just say it he's
deaf not mute Ethan spent three days in
the hospital and was absolutely healthy
when he left and still he had to be
carried out of the hospital why
[Music]
Ethan was a newborn baby and again no
he's not Emma's daughter a man who was
standing on the sidewalk dropped a
tomato from the height of six feet but
it wasn't damaged at all how so
[Music]
the man managed to catch the tomato
before it hit the ground why would he do
that
well it doesn't say here why hasn't
anyone conquered the biggest extinct
volcano even though it's not underwater
and can be clearly seen
[Music]
well this volcano is on Mars a father
tells his teenage daughter you arrived
very late at 3:00 a.m. and made us all
worry a lot
I don't want this situation to repeat
his daughter though replies that it will
never repeat how could she be so sure
[Music]
the father was talking about the birth
of his daughter
so wait was this guy married to Emma who
had the baby which wasn't Ethan I'm
getting confused you're sitting on a
plane there is a horse in front of you
and a car behind you what's happening
[Music]
well you're on a merry-go-round one
chemist found out that a particular
reaction last 480 minutes if he's in the
suit jacket but one hour and 20 minutes
if he's in his lab coat
[Music]
well 80 minutes is the same as an hour
in 20 minutes as for an 80 minute
reaction time I think I just run what's
a man parked his car in front of his
house came in exited the house with a
bucket of water and poured the water on
the sidewalk can you guess why he did it
[Music]
he was planning to wash his car but
while he was away his car got stolen
where can you see rivers but no water
cities but no buildings forests but no
trees
[Music]
you can see them on a map the son of the
professor's father talks to the father
of the professor's son and the professor
doesn't take part in this conversation
can you unravel this family riddle the
professor is a woman and the people
talking are her brother and her husband
we get three times in a lifetime the
first two times are free but we have to
pay a lot for the third time what is it
[Music]
it's our teeth you better brush I'm not
getting it if you drop it from the
tallest building it'll be fine
but if you drop it in the water it won't
survive what is it
it's paper no one has ever driven or
gone along this way what way is it
it's the Milky Way for women can bake
four pies in four hours how many pies
can eight women bake in eight hours
[Music]
sixteen pies yumbo if you take off my
skin I won't cry but you will what am I
[Music]
and onion there are three cups of sugar
on the table you take one away how many
cups of sugar do you have one the other
two are still on the table if you
multiply all the numbers on the
telephone what will you get
[Music]
zero because when you multiply any
number by zero zero is all you get
you're trapped in a room that's slowly
getting filled with water coming from a
faucet in the wall there are no windows
in the room and the door is sealed shut
you have a mop and a big bucket so how
are you gonna get yourself out of this
one Hey
just turn the faucet off yeah hey if you
learn something new today then give the
video a like and share it with a friend
and here are some other videos I think
you'll enjoy just click to the left or
right and remember stay on the bright
side of life
[Music]